here we are in territory
university and tampa
it's not far from the city there by here
Here children learn and not here to say
gnaw the language of science and of course we have such
in childhood there was nothing to do
made for children and cheese and every
the parent must do the maximum to
push out your rising chat like
it is possible above the tree evolution seems to me
that when our children study in such
places
do you understand that the world is already united and
people already think completely differently we
In principle, we also want to live differently
it is necessary to come to this
understanding that this is possible and that
once certainly not the people did
revolution united states of america
and did its founding fathers who
suddenly wanted freedom opportunity
selfish purpose
but above all they abandoned
taxes they did not want to pay the king
taxes and as a result here is such a country in
which people go and here I understood the most
most important to americans or american
corporations need people they lure on
its territory is money and brains
at the same time creating conditions for them
development but nonetheless there is a hunt for
by people
here are students from all countries of the world
by gathered here go to the market some
a couple to study even though holidays are now
winter is very cold here
and people are freezing to practically learn
freeze learn
and of course everyone would probably like to
such conditions study is certainly not
just university of kiev
i need to buy credits and this is here
paid education normal paid
education which sooner or later
should go and our country and stop
people fooling
somehow free education which
possible to get with free
professors so here i am
show how paid looks today
education and maybe this is the future
Ukraine, there may be people
wealthy who may metropolitan
the goal in the end will refuse to pay
taxes and people want their people to live
in such conditions